Workflow (#2761)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Uno/Widgets/Umbraco-Form/index.md

The Umbraco Form widget, gives you the ability to add a custom form to your site. It is important to note that a custom form needs to have been made using Umbraco Forms before this widget can be used.

> You can create a form by selecting the Forms section in the top menu in your backoffice. Learn more about how to create forms in the [Working with Forms](../../Working-with-Forms) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a form by navigating to the Forms section in the top menu of your backoffice. Learn more about how to create forms in the [Working with Forms](../../Working-with-Forms) section.
```
